AWS summaries (#6556)
Particular/docs.particular.net: architecture/aws/messaging.md

---
title: AWS messaging services

> summary: A description of the AWS messaging options available for the Particular Service Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Describes the AWS messaging options available for the Particular Service Platform
```
